hey guys what's up another hot day in
New York all of my blogs get from either
10,000 to 40,000 views depending on what
it is and you might get about a good
range from 100 to 400 comments each
video but this this book is all about
you I I want to ask you to do something
I want to get to know you better and I
want you guys to get to
better as well so I am aiming for a
thousand comments in this video
say your name say what you do so if your
student or you work what you want to do
hopes dreams jobs aspirations and then
your favorite TV show and I'm going to
be going through the comments saying hey
to you guys and you talk to each other
too I just hope you have a great
fantastic weekend Stan busy in New York
hi this is hence the special blog what I
truly do want to get to know you
is better so until next time stay peachy
leave comment ok fight stop sticking
where of jeez